Hello Musashino acupuncture manipulative Kim Sung clinic
It is Kimari
This time I asked about the patient with chronic pancreatitis recently
I would like to talk a little bit about chronic pancreatitis and carbonated drinks
The other day the patient received a question like this
I know that you should not drink a teacher or alcohol
Say what has become of Tteyuu carbonated beverages
I heard that
The person who is not drinking alcohol instead of alcohol
beer
The
It looks like I was drinking so that kind of question
Though I have been to me
I'm not sure Nde is not when you leave I was beer of alcohol probably carbonate
I think I think that is quite something
To de you of carbonated beverages
People with chronic pancreatitis
We are a little I talk when the good of whether play drinking
Yes
Speaking of carbonation, is it
At first it is this beer
Because the feel is alcohol
Course of chronic pancreatitis person to the
Do not drink
The eel looks like shell and so on
Though there are various carbonated drinks
Recently, I'm doing good with carbonated water
Break the carbonated water with something yeah it's so cool it is cut
When you receive
I listen to that kind of story
As a result , it is not only beer but also Dan 's other carbonated drinks
You should not drink
It is and say why
Carbonated Schwashwa
This is it is it good to
Then I will go to Iwake Isupi Station
I will start
Though secretion of stomach fluid becomes strong
Iejo is a strong acid
Because it is
It is to try to let the individual in favor of that
Strong digestive enzymes is still + why I'm out the expectations I water station because the pancreas
Nde it can not be in otherwise the strong acidic liquid
For example Well
Just like other sound symbols or duodenum
If gastric juice gets in
12 cities and towns is neutralized with I water station because that would bear the damage
Who also ne chronic pancreatitis have but is distinguished service When this becomes so
More than just raw 2 is selfishly burdened again and it becomes easy to get pain
That's why
Yes
That's right
When you drink carbonated beverages
In order to neutralize it because the gastric juice tilts to full out to acidic
Manufacturing will also release pancreatic juice
If you do so, it will cause pain again
Carbonated beverages may cause the symptoms of the house to be accelerated .
Let's not produce
What it a non-alcoholic beer if there is that you must go absolutely it in the evening of sake
Say
Or certainly but the feeling is I can see
Well if you can
A less irritating non- carbonated alcohol-free drink
On the spot
Spear Rio
Please get used to it
Thank you for watching until today's end